document copy on write behavior of string literals in arc/orc (#17224)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/destructors.rst

As can be seen from the example, this solution is hardly sufficient and
should eventually be replaced by a better solution.

> copy on write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy on write
```

Author: thanks

=============

String literals are implemented as [copy-on-write](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copy-on-write).
When assigning a string literal to a variable, a copy of the literal won't be created.
Instead the variable simply points to the literal.
The literal is shared between different variables which are pointing to it.
The copy operation is deferred until the first write.

```nim
var x = "abc"  # no copy
var y = x      # no copy
```

> First the Nim compiler allocates memory for the string literal "abc".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The string literal "abc" is stored in static memory and not allocated on the heap.
```

> The string literal "abc" is stored in static memory and not allocated on the heap.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
First the string literal "abc" is stored in static memory and not allocated on the heap.
```

> Then the variable `x` points to the literal. Finally the variable `y` points to the literal too.

Author: ```suggestion
The variable `x` points to the literal and the variable `y` points to the literal too.
```

There is no copy during assigning operations.

```nim
var x = "abc"  # no copy
var y = x      # no copy
y[0] = 'h'     # copy
```

The program above shows when the copy operations happen.
When mutating the variable `y`, the Nim compiler creates a fresh copy of `x`, 
the variable `y` won't point to the string literal anymore. 
Instead it points to the copy of `x` of which the memory can be mutated 
and the variable `y` becomes a mutable string.

.. Note:: The abstraction fails for `addr x` because whether the address is going to be used for mutations is unknown. 

Let's look at a silly example demonstrating this behaviour:

```nim
var x = "abc"
var y = x

moveMem(addr y[0], addr x[0], 3)
```

> The program fails because we need to prepare a fresh copy for the variable`y`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The program fails because we need to prepare a fresh copy for the variable `y`.
```

Author: thanks
